Deprecate types in tree (#23313)
microsoft/FluidFramework: .changeset/ready-seas-ask.md

---

> "fluid-framework": minor

Reviewer: Remove `fluid-framework` from the list. Its exports are not impacted.

"@fluidframework/tree": minor
---
---
"section": deprecation
---

> Deprecation Notice: Interfaces Migrated to `@fluidframework/core-interfaces`

Reviewer 2: I think it would be nice for the title to be more specific, so someone just reading the titles can tell if it impacts them:

```suggestion
Deprecation Notice: Event Interfaces Migrated to `@fluidframework/core-interfaces`
```

The following interfaces and types are now deprecated in `@fluidframework/tree`. It is recommended to import them from either `@fluidframework/core-interfaces` or `fluid-framework`.

- Listeners
- IsListener
- Listenable
- Off

> These deprecated interfaces are planned for removal in the FF 3.0 release.

Reviewer 2: Generally in public facing documentation we should say:
```suggestion
These deprecated interfaces are planned for removal in the Fluid Framework 3.0 release.
```

> These deprecated interfaces are planned for removal in the Fluid Framework 3.0 release.

Reviewer: Recommend specifying removal from tree package specifically. They will remain part of FF.
